Shanghai References:
--------------------
Shadows of Asia (pg18)
After the Awakening, there was a sudden increase in the number of Daoist priests and monks wandering the countryside preaching and offering their services. We have always been quick learners, and have adapted to the cities of the Sixth World, particularly Shanghai where we maintain a stron presence. The fragmenting of our homeland has been something of a boon for us, since it allows us to move around in a way we were never able to do under the old communist regime.
Likewise, we have embraced the matrix. A number of my brothers and sisters meditate on the wonders of the Matrix and seek to transcend the bounds of the mortal world and obtain immortality through the machine.

> This goes both ways. Many otaku in the Shanghai sprawl hang around some of the Daoist shrines and spirit halls. I've heard some of 'em talking about the Resonance being a new kind of alchemy and the direct manifestation of yin and yang.
> Bottlecap

Magical traditions, Shadows of Asia (pg 18)
By alchemy, I mean something slightly different from the Western concept. Alchemy to a Daoist is the manipulation of the elements of creation, not just a simple form of magical chemistry. We believe that at the core, the universe is composed of two primary forces: yin and yang, the female and the male. These two forces can manifest as any of five elements: wood, fire, earth, metal, and water. The combinations of these elements--along with the yin and yang--in differing amounts create everything that exists in the universe. A skillful alchemist can manipulate these forces to his benefit, ultimately unlocking the secrets of immortality through the proper balance of elements and primal forces.

Alchemy can take two forms: internal alchemy, or Wai-dan, which emphasizes rituals, mathematical formulae and the manipulation of chemical and mystic forces to produce an elixir that will provide immortality. I myself follow this tradition, though most Westerners call me and others like me wujen. Contrasted with the Wai-Dan is the Nei-Dan, or inner alchemy, which seeks to achieve immortality through meditation and physical exercises such as Tai-qi.

Wai-Dan (wujen) = Hermetic Mage
Nei-Dan = Physical Adept

Triads(pg 27)
White Lotus, Red Dragon, Phoenix Lodge
Red Dragon tied to Lung

Corporations (pg 47) 
Wuxing, Eastern Tiger, Yamatetsu, Monobe, Transys Neuronet

Shanghai (pg 48)
Sitting at the mouth of the Yangtze where the river empties into the Pacific. Shanghai has always been a major port city. In the 1900s the Chinese government promoted a major modernization campaign for Shanghai, and by the turn of the millenium it had become a cosmopolitan metropolis rivaling Hong Kong in glamour.

The Republic Civil War dimmed a bit of Shanghai's luster, but the city soon found fame in another arena. With all the piracy along the Chinese coast, Shanghai has become a pirate haven, a modern-day Tortuga. Some businesses set up shop in the territory (Transys Neuronet, for example, has its regional headquarters here), but the spoils of privateering are the real moneymakers in Shanghai.

> Because of its strategic location, Shanghai is generally regarded as neutral territory; it has no extrodition treaties with other nations or megacorps, and the pirates observe an unwritten code of not attacking one another. Consequently, pirates and privateers can walk the Shanghai docks with relative freedom while acquiring supplies, fencing loot, or seeking letters of marque from various sponsors.
> China Hand

> So if you've got a beef with another pirate, you resort to spying and then hire deniable shadowrunners to stab your rival in the back.
> Grania

Shanghai's sudden ascent to stardom has provoked a bitter rivalry with its neighbor, Hong Kong. Both locales are modern, Western-oriented city-states, but they have significant cultural differences, from dialect to cuisine to cusoms. The quickest way to start a fight in Shanghai is to flash your Hong Kong credentials around. 

Maori Troll image: Shadows of Asia, pg198

Numerology, Vice pg 67
1-certain
2-easy
3-live
4-death
5-not/never
6-smoothly
7-ghostly, spiritual
8-prosperity
9-eternal
10-highest of the earthly numbers/perfection

Triads (Vice pg 65-74)
Number 25 indicates "Traitor"

Target: Matrix, 20
Shiawase MFID access

Shanghai Pudong International Airport (Emergence, pg 86)
Local Man Arrested for Impersonating Artificial Intelligence
Xin Min Evening—08/25/70
SHANGHAI, Coastal Provinces: 
Leroy Fong, 21, of Beijing was arrested on August 24th after his attempts to blackmail his former company by impersonating an “artificial intelligence” were discovered. Fong, a security consultant for Eastern Tiger who was let go recently for impropriety, used backdoors he had left in the company’s Matrix systems to gain entry to their facility, where he was able to convince various executives that he was an artifi cial intelligence named “Cipher” and to extort an unknown
amount of money from the executives. Fong was apprehended at the Shanghai Pudong International
airport as he attempted to fl ee. Fong will be brought before magistrates tomorrow.

Run Ideas:
BTL problems (solve murders/wipe out den)
Father's Eyes (track cyberware in sewers, find eye, kill feral ghouls, +bonus geek runners)
With Love from Vlad (meet a Vory ship at the docks, and kill everyone on board)
Market Research (MFID matrix run)
Daoist/Otaku (extract or protect young children at the Daoist shrine)
ANIMAL 54! (KFC foodstuffs run!)
